Briefly summarize the requirements and goals of the app you developed. What user needs was this app designed to address?
  The requirements of this app were to develop a mobile application for Inventory management. We needed a login page, an inventory page, and a page to receive sms notifications.

What screens and features were necessary to support user needs and produce a user-centered UI for the app? How did your UI designs keep users in mind? Why were your designs successful?
  To support user needs and produce a user-centered UI, we needed to have the Login/Register page, the home page, and the notification page. My design keeps users in mind by trying to
make things easy to reach. I believe I succeeded by keeping in mind design best practices.

How did you approach the process of coding your app? What techniques or strategies did you use? How could those be applied in the future?
  I looked for a lot of documentation as well as tutorial youtube videos to see how to connect UI to backend logic, 
  after a while I got used to the design patterns of the code and was able to implement functions without tutorials. In the future, this will help me design more methods for mobile apps
    
How did you test to ensure your code was functional? Why is this process important and what did it reveal?
  I tested by using the android emulator, and downloading my app to my phone. It's important to error test because you never know 
  what bugs the user will find, or what logic you just wouddn't have thought to implement if you didn't test it outby using it

Considering the full app design and development process, from initial planning to finalization, where did you have to innovate to overcome a challenge?
  A place I innovated was in the UI portion, I do not enjoy the UI design stuff so I had to do a lot of things that I don't think would be considered
  best practice because it just didn't come naturally to me, so i "Innovated" by designing a bad UI
In what specific component from your mobile app were you particularly successful in demonstrating your knowledge, skills, and experience?
  I think the most success I had was the backend logic for sure. I was able to incorporate by knowledge of logic to create application functionality
